Update Epidural and motor block.md (#58)
inform-us/requirements_specifications: informus/rules/Epidural and motor block.md

- DAY Numerator = sum of the minutes and hours between all intervals recorded between (08:15-22:14) that fall into the current 24 hour rolling window
- DAY Denominator = number of all time interval measurements that fall into the current 24 hour rolling window
- NIGHT Numerator = sum of the minutes and hours between all intervals recorded between (20:15-08:14) that fall into the current 24 hour rolling window
- NIGHT Denominator = number of all time interval measurements that fall into the current 24 hour rolling window
- DAY CALCULATION = NUMERATOR / DENOMINATOR 
- NIGHT CALCULATION = NUMERATOR / DENOMINATOR

*LEFT MOTOR BLOCK ASSESSMENT MEASUREMENT INTERVAL**
- DAY Numerator = sum of the minutes and hours between all intervals recorded between (08:15-22:14) that fall into the current 24 hour rolling window
- DAY Denominator = number of all time interval measurements that fall into the current 24 hour rolling window
- NIGHT Numerator = sum of the minutes and hours between all intervals recorded between (20:15-08:14) that fall into the current 24 hour rolling window
- NIGHT Denominator = number of all time interval measurements that fall into the current 24 hour rolling window

> - DAY CALCULATION = NUMERATOR / DENOMINATOR 
> - NIGHT CALCULATION = NUMERATOR / DENOMINATOR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**COMBINED MOTOR BLOCK ASSESSMENT MEASUREMENT INTERVAL**

- DAY_AVERAGE_NUMERATOR  - average the left numerator and right numerator between patients
- DAY_AVERAGE_DENOMINATOR  - average the left denominator and right denominator between patients

- NIGHT_AVERAGE_NUMERATOR  - average the left numerator and right numerator between patients
- NIGHT_AVERAGE_DENOMINATOR  - average the left denominator and right denominator between patients

- DAY CALCULATION = DAY_AVERAGE_NUMERATOR / DAY_AVERAGE_DENOMINATOR 
- NIGHT CALCULATION = NIGHT_AVERAGE_NUMERATOR / NIGHT_AVERAGE_DENOMINATOR
```

Reviewer: Is this okay?

*COMBINED MOTOR BLOCK ASSESSMENT MEASUREMENT INTERVAL**

> - AVERAGE the DAY_RIGHT and DAY_LEFT calculations above and display as hh:mm on front tile

Author: ```suggestion
- DAY_AVERAGE  - average between patients time interval and average between number of measurements and then calculate and display as hh:mm on front tile
```

Reviewer: The combined should happened before the DAY CALCULATION right?

> - AVERAGE the NIGHT_RIGHT and NIGHT_LEFT calculations above and display as hh:mm on front tile

Author: ```suggestion
- DAY_AVERAGE  - average between patients time interval and average between number of measurements and then calculate and display as hh:mm on front tile
```

> - AVERAGE the NIGHT_RIGHT and NIGHT_LEFT calculations above and display as hh:mm on front tile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
